So I guess just a quick update on my end, so I've been, things are coming along, things
are coming along, but it's just, I just need a lot of electrons, so I just have these big
runs is what's going on right now, so I have a preferred model and then I have like 50,
alternative models for robustness, shove it in the appendix or whatnot. That's what's taking all
the electrons, so that's sort of chugging along. I'm almost done, but haven't finished implementing
the Fihan and Solvnik. How can I, yeah. The insum, the insum, so I'm almost done with that.
They, I've forgotten so much, I've forgotten everything about that paper, so I'm having to
re-learn it. There's, so I'm doing that and then when I do that, then we'll get an estimate and do
the bootstraps and that's, I think that'll be pretty neat. There's one weird thing about the data
that I discovered, there's several weird things about the data. Oh, sorry, before I get there,
I did subset it by just the people who identified as Philippine O and the estimates are about the
same, they're slightly higher, it's something like 47%, depending on how you measure exploitation,
so, but they're about the same, but slightly higher and I haven't done anything else on that,
the data. So, there are two weird sources of errors. The one is, is these, these true zeros,
remember we talked about from a while ago, so people could say that they don't know any, but
okay, sorry, two other things, I should make notes to myself so I can pop size.
You want to record it, Scott? That's okay, I'm, I take furious notes. Record it somewhere, yeah.
But you feel, I don't object, please feel free to if you want to the
pop size. Oh, so you could, people have reported that they know zero domestic workers in the UK
with a mobile phone and then they give mobile phone, so that's, we fixed that up, that's fine.
And then there was another one, which is really weird, which is where they, the number of people
they reported knowing, Q13 I'm pretty sure is the one, I know these things are stuck in my head
now for now. So that the number of people that they report knowing is smaller than the, the,
the number of people they recruit, where recruiting is determined by the node one,
node two, the network structure. So that's really weird. I don't, that one took me a while to sort
of, and it's two people, but those two people really, really messed me up. So, so I fixed that.
So, so now we have a new personal degree size, which is the max of all of those.
So it's, it's the max of the Q13, the number of mobile numbers that you actually submit and the
number of people that you recruit as given by the network structure. And like I said, the last one
sort of a programming perspective was a real pain, but it only affected two people. So I'm not,
I'm not super worried about it. And then we have these things this thing, we have these suspicious,
suspicious variable. So we can, we can, what I'm trying to say is like, we can, we can remove
the people for whom they don't know how to count and repeat. And that's, that's, that's fine. Okay.
So that's that implementing the FIHAN. And so that's just electricity at this point, like it's
just, it's, it's done. And again, the estimates are very, very, very consistent between 30 and 40
percent, depending on how you measure exploitation. So to me, that's shockingly high, but it's,
it's very consistent. So in some I'm working on the bootstrap is working. And I'm almost done with
the estimator. The estimator needs some extra stuff. So we need the, the size of the frame.
So that would be the number of domestic workers in the UK with a mobile phone in the last year.
We needed that for the, the RDS stuff also. So I can just, I'm happy to just reuse that.
The preferred number, thanks to you, Caroline, 980,000, I think, something like that came from
Yeah, that was from the European PHS survey. Yeah. And again, I've found it out. I use,
I use sample frame sizes from 10,000, 100,000, not in the 980,000, 1.5 million, just again,
for robustness. I should probably add, because I think one of the, I don't know what was called,
I drew it down, the, there are these two occupational classes that you used Caroline from.
And, and one of them was like spot on. And then the other one was sort of, was plausible. But
so what I'm trying to say is I should, I should use, so currently the preferred model uses the
sum of those two numbers. But I should, I should, wait, and that's fine. I'm happy to report that
and everything. But again, for robustness, I should probably repeat with not the aggregated
whatever. So that's, that's, that's for me to do. Now, the probalters. So we need to know this,
I only have one, and that's the number of people, you know, who have been referred to
the National Referral Mechanism, or whatever it's called, NRM. So we have that question.
And we, thanks to you, Caroline, we have the number of people in the UK, like we know the size
of that group. And so, I'm sorry, I'm rambling, but the issue is that basically there's two
population sizes we need. One is the size of the sample frame, which we needed from before.
And there's some uncertainty there. So I'll have to do that. But for the in sum, we also need the
size of these probalter groups. So I'd like to do some kind of robustness on that as well. And it
just sort of, just sort of adds some complexity to, it adds noise really to these estimators. So I
haven't done that. That's going to be more electrons, more electrons to use. So right,
probalter group, that was the other pop size. And I told you about the weird, this thing with the
people who can't vote, but that got fixed up. I'm sorry, I don't know how to count. And that's
where I'm at. So sorry, I didn't, again, sorry, I was coding furiously, hoping I could get it done
before three, but then I thought I didn't know how to read my calendar. So sorry about that. So,
so that's sort of the update on my end. Data is
I mean, that's all sounds fantastic, Scott. It sounds really, really good progress. And I
suppose the question is, what do you need from us? So I think, I think we're good to
electrons. That's fine. I think we're ready for venue discussion, where we want to submit it.
And Slim, were we able to, did the Zoteros references work for you? I don't know. I sent
it. It did. Oh, wonderful. Excellent. So basically, so what I'm trying to say, I think, I think we're,
we're into like, once, while my batch is running, I think we're into polishing off the, the, you
know, writing up the results, conclusion and submitting somewhere. Yeah, like, yeah.
Okay, that's fantastic. So in terms of journal targets, I mean, the question is, I suppose,
within the business school, we are encouraged to submit to journals within the ABS list.
With ABS? Sorry. If I can, Association of Business School, Journal Quality List,
the school signs up to the Dora principles that it's not all about journal destination,
but it is a factor. So one of the first places to look for sort of potential journal target is
that list. Okay. But I tend to publish anywhere that, so I have not really been following the rules
very strictly. And I don't know what your publication targets might look like. And so I'm
quite happy to be ecumenical about this, and not necessarily pick a journal off that list,
just because that's what you're supposed to do. But, but having said that, there is one journal
potentially, which is a three star journal. So it's not an absolute top quality, but it's
a rectangle called Work Employment and Society, which has a strong theoretical basis. So I don't
know whether, well, that would mean that I would need to do some background work on,
they definitely published studies about domestic workers. It's sort of sociologically focused.
And the advantage is one of the editor-in-chiefs is actually Marek,
Causes Inksteed, who is, yeah, who's obviously at the business school. So I could sound him out
and just say, would you accept a sort of, how would you view a sort of statistically orientated
paper in the domestic workers sphere? Is that something that you think might fall within this
scope of the journal? So that was the target that sort of occurred to me, but I'm very open to
publishing where it would suit you, Scott. I mean, I think the ABS list is a great place to start.
Because I know nothing about this, this field at all. But it sounds like, I mean,
yeah, more stars is better in general for me. But at the same time, like I'm not,
like you, Caroline, like I'm not, I'm not picky about these things. But, you know,
my general thought is sort of start high and then move down, move down the tears as the rejection
ladder just come, come in, which in my case, they, they fill up my mailbox. So that would be,
yeah, so I mean, ABS look at the sort of best ranked that are sort of appropriate for, you know,
labor, domestic work, UK, human rights, whatever, and start there and yeah, work our way down would be,
I guess one of the things I hadn't thought about, which is important, could be potentially important
is, so the strategy I just articulated is, is a lengthy process. So, so I guess we should talk
about timeline. Are there are people going in for promotion or jobs or other, are there,
is there pressure to publish at a certain sooner rather than later or?
I think as long as it's in this ref for me personally, that's fine. I don't know, how
does that sound for you? Yeah, again, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm okay taking time and doing the, the
start high. And when's the next, do we know when the ref cycle ends? I don't, I don't know. When is it?
Well, it's been moved out a year, hasn't it? So it's ref 2029 now. But when the actual
ref 2028. So, but when the actual deadline for paper submissions is, I don't know, but I mean
24, we've got a few, we've got enough time to try a higher journal and then knock down to it. So
we, I can have a look at the ABS list and look at possible four stars. If you think we'd like to
start with that. That would be my preference, if that's it. If, if there's, yeah, that would be
my preference. I'd like, I'd like you, I don't, I don't have time constraints. Somewhere like the
British Journal of Management. That's a very highly regarded journal does have, in my view,
a bit of a quantitative bias. So that might work in our favor. And I can have a bit of a
search around and see what they've published in the field of domestic work. But I mean,
the fact that it's UK statistics might be quite appropriate for them. We just,
we just might need to sort of cite it in their literature to sort of see what debates they're,
they're talking about. So that's a bit of work for me to do. And then, yeah, see what I mean,
I asked our Dean and Alex to our terms about this. And he suggested research policy
and science. Okay. Neither of those journals I know anything about. I did look at the
aims and scope and to me, didn't seem to fit. But that was his initial suggestion. I don't know
if you know anything about science. Science is absolutely top. But yeah, it's a strange
fit. I wouldn't, I think of them as doing more like biology kinds of stuff. I mean,
basically, what they do is like really, really high profile stuff, regardless of field. And so
maybe that's why he suggested it to the extent that our paper is high profile, maybe. But yeah,
it's said to be as an odd, as an odd suggestion, to be honest with you.
Yeah. I've heard of you. Do you know anything about research policy?
No, but I think policy sounds like a good, a good class of journals to maybe target.
Although we don't really have any policy implications currently, but, but that could,
that could be strengthened perhaps. Yeah, that brings to mind another journal called Millbank
Quarterly. Have you heard of them? I don't know what rating they are, but I would guess they're
A, B, B, S. That's possible from a policy point of view, but maybe British Journal of Management
is better. Excellent. Yeah. So, and then I suppose work, employment and society, if we fail with
BJM, it's like the next, the next tier down, but still respectable. Good. Excellent. Excellent.
That's great. That's great. That's great. That sounds all right. Sounds great for me.
So if I do a bit of a literature search, the problem is I'm going to struggle to do that until
April. That's fine. And I've got seminar weeks coming up. So, and my diary is absolutely chock
block. So the, the beginning of April, I've got a couple of days, I think I could perhaps spend
some time. Actually, I've got one day next week carved out for research as well. So
I can do, make a start on that then. And then, so at least get you sort of some indication and
yeah, but we, I think British Journal of Management does seem to be quite a good fit. And that's,
that's a good journal. Excellent. If we get into that. Let's, let's start there. Let's start there.
I'm going to make a push to get the results done by next week, because like you, the next two to
three weeks are just going to be quite hellish for me in terms of teaching stuff. But I'm,
reading week has been good and I'm making, so I'm going to make a push to try to get, you know,
the results done. Perfect. I mean, it's just been so fantastic having you on the team. It's
really, really, really, really great. It's been fantastic working with the both of you. So thank
you. Yeah, so it'd be fantastic to get, get something drafted and submitted. And yeah,
if we were to aim to do that for the summer, is that too, is that all right? I think by the time
we sort of tidied everything up. Yeah. And then, yeah. Yeah, June, I think it was a good target.
And July, if we get, if we miss, you know, I think that's a, I think it's very feasible as well.
I mean, like I said, the right sort of April, we'll, we'll be able to come back to it and polish and
then, you know, yeah. And I'm hoping next term might be quite as bad as this term. I'll have a
little bit, it'll be just marking then. Just marking. It just never ends. It just never ends. So
but okay, this is great. I'm going to, I'm going to get back to my electrons and I'll, I'll email you
with probably just like a draft of results at some point. But you know the, I'm not expecting any
surprise. So the RDS stuff is done, done. And then the insum, I don't know. I'm not expecting to be
surprised, but we'll see. So we'll see. Fantastic. Really, really good. Was there anything from you
Selene that you wanted to share with us? I have two points. First, Dr. Moser, do you have anything
that you need from my side other than the sort of references? Is there anything else? That's it.
And the second point is I already spoke with Caroline. We started with BigBot. You may have
seen my email that I don't want to be included in the publication for this research. What do you
think about that? I strongly disagree, but I also completely defer to your, to your PhD advisor, Dr.
Randall. I mean, in my opinion, you need, if you want to stay in academia, you need publications.
And in the past, you've mentioned sort of wanting to fortify your quantitative
credentials. And this would certainly help with that. I mean, I think I understand his point.
If I'm not saying this point, it's something like branding, like you don't want to get labeled as
something that you're not. But like I said, in my opinion, you just, you need publications
and full stop. So, I wasn't from Dr. Randall. I have to say it's not from Dr. Randall. It's from
the mentor in the US when I spent time there, because I'm still having meetings with the professor
there. And I see he is also the Dean of the department for international relations and politics.
And recently we had another meeting and he told me it would be not good if I have a profile
that shows that I'm not someone from IR. And I feel a bit worried about that. And I,
and I'm trying to be careful. That's why I think it's better if I don't include my name.
I mean, it's one, it's your decision. And of course, I completely, I completely respect that. And
I'm sorry for assuming presumptuously that it was Dr. Randall. You might run by him then in that
case, get his opinion, because he's a proper IR theory person and see what, have you discussed it
with him? No, we'll meet on Tuesday. So I will brace this up then. Okay. Because I was saying
to Celine, we could perhaps acknowledge him. If he's so sure that he doesn't want to be included
in the authorship. But yeah, yeah, I just wanted to perhaps it was an Indian idiosyncrasy of the
American tenure system. I mean, that's what I would just caution you to find out, Celine,
whether it's in a matter he's talking from an American's perspective.
When that the same applies in Europe, if that's where you want to end up.
All my supervisors are American. Dr. Mosa, Dr. Randall, also the drug supervisor.
Sorry.
Other than New Carolina.
But for sure. I mean, I think sort of the bottom line is it's your decision, of course. And
I think I can speak truthfully to say that like, you've definitely contributed a lot. And I think,
yeah, you deserve to be credited in some way. And thank you. I mean, you've done a lot to help
with the project. So yeah, thank you. Thank you too that I could learn from both of you. I still
have to learn a lot. I understand that. But I will update you both after I speak to my first
supervisor, Dr. Randall. Yeah. Okay. Brilliant. Thanks then. Thanks everyone. Have a great week.
Do we need another meeting date in or are we happy to do it on email from now on?
Yeah, I think email is probably good. April. Okay. Yeah.
Right, that's super. Let's stick with that then. Thanks everyone. Thanks very much. Have a great weekend.
Bye. Bye. Bye.